GREEK MYTHOLOGY




War Of Gods


        This story is a greek mythological story starring a normal citizen of rome, Heron. He was unaware of his superpowers and did not know what was happening, as the town was being attacked by beasts. Later, he meets an old man guiding him what to do and later then discovers he was ZEUS(God of thunder). He was confused and also angry at the sametime because of him leaving his family to rot. Then Saroun, the beast leader then comes in and then kills his mother and the rest of the people and also taking Heron as the prisoner. He makes friends in the prison and then escapes. Later he goes and calls his father ZEUS angrily asking for answers and then realises that he was actually his son and he also had a brother which later turned out to be Saroun. ZEUS then guides Heron to becoming powerful. But Hera, Wife of ZEUS found out that her husband had a child with a citizen and was also guiding him to become  powerful. Hera who was filled with hatred, then goes to  Saroun and provides false information on who he was and what ZEUS did to him. Saroun gets angry and destroys more and more villages with more rage. Hera while being in the intention of killing ZEUS was on a mission to release the TITANS and make ZEUS in trouble again. Hera filled with hatred later releases the TITANS and puts Olympus at stake. ZEUS then comes into position and attacks the beast with other gods that are POSEIDON, HERMES etc against HERA, ARES  and the TITANS. Later the TITANS then betrays HERA and her team considering them as gods and almost kills HERA. But ZEUS as her husband's position protects her and later sacrifices for her. Hera then realises her mistake and bursts up killing one of the TITANS but it was too late and escapes from there. Heron seeing his father die gets his rage mode on and then relieves his power which is the same power he had inherited from his father. He then kills Sauron and conceals the TITANS  saving Olympus just like his father did. Post scene, Sauron goes to hell and unites with HADES to destroy Olympus as with the betrayal they have faced.